you
hey folks quilting here and welcome to
some more let's play Railway Empire
standard disclaimers do apply this is a
pre-release press version that is a
sponsored video everything here might
change between now and release for all
we know it's gonna be out of no
first-person-shooter by the time it
comes out okay probably not but you know
what I'm saying we didn't do one video
already we were did sort of a quick
introduction to the basics game here I'm
gonna go and much more decisively try to
play through one of the scenarios again
there is a campaign mode over here such
a great sort of way to learn the game
and to go through it starts you off I
mean all the features are there from the
start but the way it introduces them any
chapter one at a time sort of services
are kind of a great kind of tutorial set
up and we can you get the sandbox mode
here the free mode I'm gonna go into one
of the skin' Aereo's over here we're
gonna go into the West and there are two
times available on the West here there's
the gold rush in 1850 and the Pacific
coast in 1890 I think last time we did
did we just do like an East Coast free
play in like 1830 I think so we're gonna
be quite a bit later a little bit more
tech more advanced trains but the
terrain note here is brutal I mean
you've got you got the Rocky Mountains
and help they're not the only things out
there I mean yeah we're here we're the
Appalachians and stuff this is gonna be
a whole other crazy crazy train not much
in the way of plains a little bit
flatter in the south so that's something
to consider so this is the coast the
great transcontinental railroad lines
have connected east and west between the
old and the new states however the
connections between the cities on the
west of the continent are very patchy
the growing population and the economy
need a reliable north-south connection
in order to look ahead to the next
century we have the confidence so we do
get to start in oh no no right because
this isn't a scenario I don't get to
pick my city in free play it free play
still automatically generates basically
goals and scenarios for you but you have
a little bit more flexibility you can
start in more cities you get to choose
yeah choose your starting city choose
how many competitors here we're gonna be
locked into three competitors last time
we didn't play with any opponents hey
eye level is normal hard or very hard
and thus far of having a hard time with
normal so we're gonna leave it there
railway network again you can have easy
where you don't have to worry about
collisions trains just pass each other
are unrealistic
they don't pass each other you've got to
build sightings or double tracks that
sort of thing finally there's this pause
mode option over here which I don't
remember if it was in there last time I
played but the normal behavior is that
the game pauses when you are building
tracks signals buildings that sort of
thing
but otherwise you can't manually pause
it now there's also a manual mode over
here where we can pause anytime with the
spacebar it is considered a little
easier so you get a little bit less of a
score in N and then there's training AK
where the game and never ever ever
pauses other than a newspaper like which
is a big full screen pop-up that opens
up the game never pauses you get a bonus
on your rating um I'm not actually gonna
go to manual mode over here cuz I think
there's gonna be a lot of me kind of
babbling about stuff no but yeah a lot
better if I can pause the game while I
do that so we're gonna go ahead and
accidentally double-click that was my
bad there shaking fingers and sometimes
that happens so we skipped the ability
to choose our starting player I feel
like I should actually just go to read
Emin straight that my apologies folks
yes return to the main menu please
luckily the game does load very quickly
let's try that again pretend that didn't
happen we're gonna go here we're gonna
go to manual pause mode I'm gonna call
me once thank you very much so we got a
variety of characters I believe last
time we took a guy who looked like that
guy from back to the future the
scientist I do like the general 10%
cheaper track construction he's actually
awesome because drag construction is
probably the most expensive thing that
you're going to do yes question a
gangster here he's really annoying to
play against because he really likes to
mess with your uh your stuff time is
money
industrials it is straight up just
higher Freight prices not passenger and
not male but all other kind of
frightening it's pretty useful
considering these are you oh it's so
hard to turn down like more science it's
so hard to turn down more science I love
it so much once we got with it lady
higher ticket prices for passengers oh
we tell the trickster even we discount
on locking with locomotives and auctions
cheaper locomotives is good too because
they got quite pricey especially now
we've go into the later eras the prices
definitely do go up wrong leadership
oh I have to play the engineer I'm sorry
you have to play as doc Murphy over here
well I could change it doc quill there
we go
American central let's call this the the
yup Tubbs Corp Inc Limited there we go
think I did something similar to that
last time so that's what we're gonna be
we're gonna be the up top-scorer pink
Limited over here doc quill the engineer
no because we love science
ah plus I mean then we got to unlock
more cool stuff and look at the tech
tree similar I mean there's value in
that right exactly so years we have
build a Transcontinental Railroad an
impressive achievement voice over here
because we're in a scenarios between the
cities in the west of the United States
are still very patchy to ensure that the
growth doesn't slow down we have to make
everything more tightly integrated here
- thank you very much buddy all right so
I did turn off the game hints that we
were getting last time which are very
handy little pop-ups to remind you about
stuff and they're great for their first
few playthroughs but I think we can make
do without it I do like that it can
pause here so I can babble on about
things um so our home city in this
scenario with San Francisco we you can
build unconnected rail to other towns
like there is actually the option of say
if I wanted to what key men want um did
they have so Kingman's got a meat
industry over here where they turn
cattle into meat so if I want to build a
line that can go from say the meat here
to came in that would be okay even
though it's not connected to my home but
then if I try to sort of start another
like unconnected piece of roll a trail
it would be like whoa hold on you got to
make sure to connect command here to
your home city before you go any further
than that so we really are incentivized
to this is our headquarters we start
with the station over here this is us
which is excellent all right constructed
by doc will wonderful so of course as we
know San Francisco is the capital of
California and we could go all the way
down here to Los Angeles at the capital
of California to connect some rail there
that would be pretty good we could go
further north q say reading or Gold
Beach of course the capital of
California over here or even portly
which surprisingly despite not being
California is the capital of California
but I think I'm going to start off by
building a little line between San
Francisco and Sacramento never heard of
it and I think we'll probably start with
that notice however I do have some
opponents over here you can see this
orange line which has already been set
up look at this this giant orange
transcontinental line over here set up
all the way to Sacramento meanwhile
we've got the yellow lines over here we
can actually take a look we didn't get
they'll take a look at a lot of our
competitors last time around but we've
got our three competitors over here we
can buy stock in in their in their
railroads over here and our stock is
also publicly available look they're
starting off with more value we are
definitely gonna have a hard time in
this particular scenario over here maybe
I picked a bad one I'm sure it's fine so
Los Angeles San Diego Yuma tuckson
Tucson and then just sort of imagine I
guess it goes probably further east over
here and our final competitors in the
northwest right connecting it to
Portland and everything eugen Portland
yeah so we've got some opponents um I
don't know because this is a scenario
they might be playing might slightly
different rules that than we are I don't
know if they expand or not I'm not sure
let's take a look at our goals over here
so we have a few tasks our first tasks
over here and we'd have time when it's
for some of these things connect five
rural businesses to your rail network so
rural businesses are not cities they're
things like this cattle farm for example
okay got it and you naturally want to do
this and especially the early ones you
tend to be just stuff that like if
you're doing well these things will just
happen although maybe not you know in a
certain time what is it it's 1891 so we
have one year to connect five rural
businesses over here achieve a quarterly
revenue of $200,000 from Freight so not
passengers in a male but Freight reach
population of 120,000 San Francisco this
work wires us to make sure to satisfy
San Francisco's needs so that it grows
consistently something we're probably
gonna want to do anyway because we are
running trains in San Francisco the
bigger San Francisco is the more demand
for things that has the more passengers
producers it's a good thing and then as
we go forward there's a north-south
connection kind of goal Portland San
Diego move more people have lots of
trains by some of other people's shares
although we don't
actually have to buy out the businesses
though conceivably we could do that so
um I think you know we will be behind on
on share price to start off with but I
think we're gonna be okay assuming I
understand what's going on here properly
we got the merge button yeah which is
fun you'd buy out your whole opponents
but that's gonna be all right okay
and we don't have any personnel waiting
to be hired we can take a look at our
tech situation here so we did start an
18 and 90 over here so we have access to
the NYC american-trained quite a lot
better than the previous trains we've
had but we can't go back and take a look
at more of these texts I mean we have
but we have in a sense unlocked all of
these trains but there's sort of
obsolete by this NYC American and if we
go back far enough we have you can see
like things are unavailable flash
available some a lot of these things are
already unlocked so we have access to
refrigerated cars and Mail cards and so
on and so forth assuming I'm
understanding it correctly we can see
that we also have the ability to go back
to 1870 and possibly get some more
improvements back there that we might be
interested in cheaper look on notice for
example and then of course here we can
keep going down the middle track over
here to unlock more powerful trains as
well as going off to the side well
here's another train here for example
that here we get ventilated freight cars
increases the transportation fee per
freight car by 20%
that's that's a lot of money but hey
first we need some rail so we got our
train station over in San Francisco so
I'm just gonna go and build one in
Sacramento now my opponent is already
there one of my opponents that is the
lady what's your name I'm bad at
remembering these people's names
Beatrix von pump over here so she'll
probably be kind of snarky at me when I
do go and plop down the train station
Sacramento but hey that's business so
I'm gonna go and build I'm gonna start
with the medium train station but I
certainly will be expecting to expand
this now train stations for cities have
to be in the cities themselves I'm gonna
go and rotate it I'm just whoops I'm
gonna set it back-to-back here with the
other station that way I can grow
because if I upgrade the station it'll
grow too to the left to the west over
here so we're gonna have room the
station in this city really wasn't
necessary yeah see people get kind of
snarky now I think what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna assume there's gonna be in the
long term a lot of traffic between
Sacramento and
Disko so what I'm gonna do I like it
when it's it's not pause but you still
get to see the city alive oh it's so
cute I love it um so I'm gonna assume
this number two platform here right I'm
gonna say this is number one right now
Oh actually says track 1 there we go so
track 2 over here I'm gonna have this
one be sort of dedicated for san
francisco to sacramento traffic and that
might include multiple trains and so we
may plan to have like you know a double
line between the two although we don't
need that quite yet and same thing in
San Francisco I will
I think track number one is going to be
fine because I'm not too worried about
going north from the north into San
Francisco directly and I know we're
gonna want the cattle over here in San
Francisco actually has a meat industry
over here so there's definitely demand
so I think that's gonna be good so we're
gonna go into track construction over
here so I'm gonna use the number one
line here and I'm gonna plug into the
number two line of my station over here
now by default and I think that of all
the rail games I've played I think I
like the rail placement in this game of
the best so by default what the game
does is it tries to minimize the curves
because curves slow down trains and then
after that it builds the appropriate
sort of bridges and tunnels as needed
now I think here the price of this is
quite expensive three hundred forty
thousand well almost all of it is going
towards tunnels and bridges here we're
ending up with the tunnel right there
and a bridge over there tries to keep
the incline down the middle here we have
a constant 3% incline going uphill from
san francisco to sacramento um I might
want to save a little bit of money by
avoiding of this tunnel for example I
could also potentially make this bridge
shorter to save some more money but I
think that might be a little too rough
I'm gonna see about adding a track point
all right whoo that actually went up in
price because Burges oh I might have to
just change my mind so I mean I can do
this and that minimize the bridges it's
a lot cheaper we get a brutal incline
here and here as well you know what I I
want to shift click to remove these
points I may in fact just leave it be
three in
40,000 is a lot especially if we're
gonna twin-track it we might not chew it
and track it when I might just do is get
sightings before and after the tunnel
over here and that might have to be
enough let's let's bite the bullet and
hope that it's okay at least it's nice
and level we get a tunnel extra bridges
very very level all the way so next
thing we do have to do is we have to get
a train going on I'm gonna set up the
rail line first I'd like to do that
we're gonna go to San Francisco to
Sacramento if I actually click on
Sacramento thank you very much automatic
loading is fine it'll just try to take
the the smartest kind of purchases when
it can will then add a locomotive the
only one we currently have access to
right now is the NYC American the first
locomotive available in this era um it's
not too shabby it's certainly a lot
better than what we're seeing in
previous eras this also dirt-cheap at 31
ground Grande now it doesn't have the
greatest track in power the 59 percent
over here and that's really what hurts
if you have to do a lot of inclines so
this one really needs to be on flat
ground to work properly stop speeds not
bad passenger ratings good passengers do
love this one it's well suited to
Express because it's not as good at
heavy loads and we could have this thing
specialized to Express but I think for
now we're just gonna go ahead and get
that bad boy started so I'm gonna
unpause at this point we should see our
train over here it's picking up a lot of
passengers because that's the most
valuable load right now which is great
so then off to decide what to do for my
second route I might get the cattle into
San Francisco actually because then we
can get the meat going now Sacramento
also has a meat processor now we might
end up getting some meat there by itself
but I think what I'm gonna do and here's
a cool thing you can check the flow of
goods so already the cattle is kind of
moving to these new places you know just
overland you can't see it on the map but
you know people are you know I don't
know doing a what do they call it when
you get like the Cowboys and they're
driving the cattle drive yeah it was
right there you know they're doing
cattle drives into San Francisco in
Sacramento or something but we could do
better than that so I'm gonna buy a
small train station because there's no
other rural stops nearby so small ones
gonna be fine now unlike with the city
you can't have the train station
actually in the thing um so you have to
have it outside but reaching I'm gonna
do something trying to figure out a nice
kind of semi level kind of setup
this might be I think maybe relatively
well balanced so this I'm gonna have it
come in to the number two track over
here and I'm probably used this number
two track in San Francisco as sort of a
freight delivery slash pickup track
because it doesn't necessarily have to
be as busy so we're gonna go ahead and
purchase that we'll set up a new train
route now again this guy here this train
so we're gonna another train again this
one's real suited to Express it's not as
good for heavyweights but at least it's
fairly level we did leave the bridge in
there and that's gonna be okay and
achievement called lightning flash
interesting Oh
so there you go you've got a whole bunch
of cattle and you're gonna deliver it
into San Francisco now the thing we
could do is we could buy the meat
industry in San Francisco over here
that's not very expensive you know I'm
gonna do it it is gonna start an auction
and someone else can bid on it um we're
gonna see oh no competitions getting
involved I'm gonna try to buy it because
it should be a profitable business
because we're delivering goods
that'll be my last bid for hundred
thousand if we can't get it at that I'll
just have to leave it be ah 450 from
Trisha Jones I mean I could fight for it
but it's gonna be alright we're gonna
leave it there these trains can both
come in here because they're coming in
two different things so yeah now we've
got there we go Trisha Jones now owns
this Oh someone's trying to be by the
meat industry in Sacramento I'm not
gonna be as concerned about buying that
one I'm gonna let them fight it off
because I'm not planning on delivering
to it directly although someone else
might be I don't know um
now a couple of things we're missing San
Francisco not the city sorry but my
station I should probably get a
maintance building over here to keep
track of it keep up the trains and I'm
also going to put down some supply
towers here which refills or the boiler
and the sand and things like that I'm
gonna put them both here so both crane
routes have got access to it I'm gonna
put another one over here so that they
can resupply before the journey on both
trips and these stations also count as
having signals so we can actually have
more than one train sort of using the
same platform and they'll
intelligently wait here it's not a thing
yet because our trains are are on
different tracks but yeah
now is this still the same auction
meaning this train Sacramento it is now
this train is still busy with mail
between the two I suspect very strongly
we can support a pair trains between San
Francisco and Sacramento so I'm gonna do
that but before I do I'm you need a
siding here so we're gonna go and build
a sidetrack here just just long enough
it's a little tricky because of the
bridges there you go just long enough
and maybe a little bit more so so that
trains can split I guess this is gonna
be okay actually cuz they can double
lane we're not gonna double up on the
tunnel because I think that'd be quite
expensive but we're gonna do this and
then what we're gonna do is we're gonna
add signals now I don't remember this
was in the last build and I just missed
it but you can actually set signals to
be stopped and change direction with
just the mouse ahead of time it does say
at the bottom of the screen I probably
just missed it completely um you don't
have to put it down and then change it
so for example I want it going this way
and if I hold shift I want it to force
it to be a one-way directional signal
force this to be a one-way track like
that and then the other way around like
that and like of that so now we can have
trains going in two different directions
here so we can have two trains going
between these two now I'm probably going
to want to in fact end up with another
kind of siding on the other side of this
bridge or the other side of the tunnel
which might be a little tricky to do
again with the Burges here
because what you need to do is there you
go you got to get your switch before the
bridge and then you can run in parallel
along the bridge that's fine but
switching on bridges is a little
insecure I guess so we've got that let's
go ahead and get our signals so the same
thing I'm gonna want it blocking in that
direction and that direction and then
way over here I'm gonna get you that way
and you that way okay so now we have two
different signings two different areas
then there might be some occasional
waiting to get through the tunnel and at
the other end
both of my San Francisco and Sacramento
trains are going to use the same
platform so there might be a tiny bit of
waiting but I don't think it's gonna be
particularly important wow that that
auction is getting really expensive I'm
yeah I'm okay to bail out on that so
you're waiting for track clearance right
now because right now there's a conflict
there trouble trying to use the same
track over here so in this train just
arrived but it's gonna be fine if we go
and bring it up to max speed so we can
confirm this train is now leaving and
then as soon as it's passed because the
the supply think towers count as
switches to a certain extent there's
sort of a chaining thing that goes on
but the trains are smart enough to go a
little sooner than here here we might
wait until the tunnel is completely
clear and now it is and he's passed the
other switch so we're going to go we
might have been able to make that a
little bit more flowy but generally
speaking it's gonna be okay here we're
stopping for a little bit of supply Oh
which I may want to put another signal
in here because he's waiting kind of
awkwardly but that's gonna be alright
actually what I should have done is put
the supply stop in the middle of this or
near one end of it but that's gonna be
alright so you're gonna go there you're
waiting for that platform that clear
hopefully these trains are still getting
a lot of goods are you getting serviced
oh you're being serviced because I did
set up the service station and you're
gonna go you're bringing a lot of mail
out the same to Sacramento because
Sacramento remember is connected to
other things beyond so this might be
mail that's actually trying to go
somewhere else in the end and this train
here
passengers mail actually it was that
passengers are mailed I think that was
actually passengers over here and I was
yes passengers but still so from here
they can connect out further east so
that's gonna be a-okay all right please
with that take a look at San Francisco
it's not currently growing which I would
like it needs rain not to be confused
with corn although it does need corn as
well grain and logs and beer and cloth
are not being satisfied now I don't
think yeah there's not an extra slot
over here that's corn which we could
bring over to San Francisco because it
does want corn it's being supplied so
it's gonna grow by itself anyway what
about logging and grain it's great way
over here hmm and in here and as well as
logging okay what we might want to do is
we might want to connect up Sacramento
to Redding and then make sure Redding is
getting both the logs and the grain and
then we can have a the trains that go
between reading and and Sacramento will
occasionally bring those and if there's
any left they might bring something to
San Francisco it's not the ideal we
could end up doing some direct routes as
well which might be fine but I think
that might be what we have to do next we
have a personnel waiting Oh a stoker
which increase their speed I'm gonna
hire you now we'll get you on a train in
a second what happens if we ran south we
could go down all the way to Los Angeles
just for passenger traffic as well I
don't know which way is the way we want
to go I think I'm into north to Redding
that's gonna be okay um Sacramento I
think it might be a good idea oh I will
get a maintenance shed over here just
for the other thing we're gonna expand
the station as well so it's a fair
amount of money but I think it's gonna
be okay
this second track I'm gonna use it as
the reading to Sacramento I guess I
didn't I forgot that I was only using
one I didn't actually need to upgrade
you right away I'm gonna leave the track
number one for the San Francisco stuff
though so oh wait hold on let's trash
that and build the station here first
that'll be a little easier um let's
build two kind of over here the idea
being that one of the tracks
I think track number
- is what I'm going to connect from
Redding to Sacramento here all right so
that's 1.3 million to build but that's
because it's building gigantic bridges
so we'll definitely have to go and
massage this one a little bit try to
build it as level as we can while
discouraging these massive bridges and
tunnels something like that if you go
and sort of screw up this hill a little
faster 2.7 or 279 121 incline is zero
one percent one percent okay seven
percent over here this is quite the hill
to get down to Sacramento if I go and
pull back on it
that we might have to accept this 5%
inclined over here at least the rest of
it is a very level and I think that's
what I'm going to do I'm gonna get down
some supply stations or supply towers
right away I think we might want to make
sure we've got some extras there and
then we're gonna set up we will set up a
train now there might not be that much
demand for it right now but the writing
to Sacramento train and we may need to
replace you with something that's a
little bit better later on that's gonna
be okay the stoker does give us more
reliability we'll go ahead and assign
this Stoker to this train it's a fairly
long route and at least you've got
plenty of passengers already which is
good which is a very good we've got a
fair amount of money left over reading
does have demand it hasn't produces beer
so getting grain here is actually gonna
be excellent really good okay we're
definitely gonna get logs over there
that is a no-brainer so let's get that
done so I'm gonna use track number two
to deliver both the logs and the grain
we're gonna get a nine percent incline
no matter what and that's with a tunnel
whoo that is rough I'm wondering
actually if it's worth leaving the
tunnel in there it's quite expensive but
we might have to accept it the problem
is just that this is simply uphill from
reading and there's really no other way
around it I think I'm gonna I'm gonna
take the hit it hurts
but yeah I'm gonna get a supply Tower as
far kind of up this way as I can and I'm
just gonna set up a train and you can
you can't set up the Train first I don't
know why I like doing the line first
just feels more I know logical to me so
you're in deliver logs to writing which
presumably has demand for logs yeah I
think every every town does so that
should be a relatively profitable route
as is and that's okay but my real goal
is to go all the way around to this
brain probably a really long route and
we'll probably need more money for that
now we can take out I got some tech
available can't get the next rail until
you've unlocked more things any I don't
actually have enough point for these yet
again I could go back but I don't have
enough points for these either the
Columbia adds an additional
excellent first time allows roomy fire
box an expansion covers linear results
incidentally higher steam production hmm
you can't get the full stats though
obviously like the the higher freight
per is excellent I talked about fruits
and vegetables so I guess it just covers
those cattle car that twenty percent
more for cattle would be nice because we
are doing that fruits and vegetables
were not transporting right now there is
very conveniently both a fruit and a
vegetable orchard over here if we take a
look at the flow those veggies aren't
moving anywhere I think demand for
vegetables as well as possibly demand
for fruit only happens when the town's
grow so right now that will not be
helpful so we need to wait for either
Sacramento or San Francisco to grow to
the next level before we ship them there
we can double check actually 45 thousand
citizens requires veggies and fifty
thousand requires fruits oh yeah that'll
be the thing once these towns grow then
we're gonna have like great routes over
here to ship things what is this random
breakdown kind of an awkward spot but
that's just gonna happen from time to
time you can improve that by having more
reliable trains to - okay and yeah
they're still these trains that are
going out east alright let's go and
bring the speed up a little bit I think
that's gonna be okay always worried that
I'm gonna miss too much but it should be
alright so that's the reading to
Sacramento and right over here I'm sorry
- are you carrying an empty load okay
not literally but that's pretty bad what
I'm gonna do is I'm gonna say hey listen
when you're at a whole forest you were
gonna make sure you're gonna wait for a
full load done from now on that should
hopefully keep your your operating costs
a little bit lower we will probably need
a maintenance station over here in
Redding because a lot of others won't
hit there okay we can hire a security
guard which oh when selling used
locomotives depreciation reserves I
don't know I'll put in one bid and I
won't care about it prevent bandit
attacks on train and cause a 5% increase
in freight prices let's go and get you
and what else is available a reporter
that it can use to trash someone else's
business maybe I'll weigh it off
breweries that's expensive I'm gonna
hold off on that these people have a lot
of money but they had a lot of tracks
set up ahead of time okay I have some
points um I couldn't lock the Columbia
which might be more powerful and useful
for us as well as leading us to some
great upgrades here of course we can
sort of backtrack but either way I'm
gonna have to unlock a new train type
you know what I will unlock the Columbia
I would have chosen something far more
thank you very much lady breweries did
get sold and yeah with the guard so
let's go and this train here and
actually I'm gonna go and tell you as
well when you are at Wood breeding make
sure that you've filled up completely
before you go
thank you and I will go and give you a
security guard because you're clearly
just transporting Freight and that's
gonna be okay all right
okay I don't think it had the
instructions yet I'll be whatsit them um
hang on a sec I mean it's automatic over
here
I wonder let's let's watch this for a
second as it does the other the other
short course or we could check our would
one I don't know if I have to like
change the loading things away from
automatic here are you here oh and this
guy's clearly waiting yes okay oh I
might not have hit the checkmark yet hmm
[Music]
history history is bad history is bad
yes so you're definitely waiting for
full load and I think that's the way we
want to go so we got the high speed
going on
it is 91 we had what was our task here
so presumably by the end of 91 we're
very close to do that train loading
please wait we may as well get the corn
into San Francisco actually that'll be
relatively cheap they do want some we
should be able to make money can I get a
train station not quite
do I want to build a large one here so
it grabs both it might be worthwhile
I'm gonna say yes and we're gonna use
just the innermost track is gonna be
fine here and what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna get a cheat connect your you will
be using this track let me actually
start from the other end it might be a
little easier to design this maybe well
I might need to move this supply station
[Music]
yeah I think the supply station isn't
bad plate I suppose okay I can just
build it on the other side at supply
station although it started to climb
already which is not exactly ideal six
percent incline with a giant bridge
speeds not important for this route
because it's just Freight three and six
I'm not sure that I'm gonna be able to
get an incline that's any less bad than
that at least if I do this more the
inclines at the three percent than the
six percent okay it's not that oh we
still end up the big expensive bridge
right around here there we go that looks
like the minimal bridge eighty-three
thousand bucks ain't bad so the reason I
was looking at the supply station is
because again the supply station sort of
has an implicit signal now I could go
yeah I'd have to go all the way over
here I might just have to build an
implicit signal over there so let's do
it so I don't need a one-way blocking
thing so I don't need this shift but I
do need to do something like like this
which controls a signal direction so
that will go and stop trains from going
in here if it's busy so trains will work
and right now this is okay because these
signals these areas aren't being used by
anything else so it's gonna be okay so
we can get a train that goes from park
or farm to here just gonna bring it's
just gonna bring corn right now we could
set a priority if there was an ability
to use more than one track we could set
what tract use but it's not the case we
look into this Colombian now you can see
this Colombia is way better when it
comes to attraction it is slower but
they're gonna be more consistent I think
I'm gonna go ahead and use the Colombia
what's the reliability 93 versus 120
more maintenance requirement as well
still it's got it's all it's all
inclined I'm gonna go and invest in the
more expensive one I'm gonna be ok with
that
uh and yes so if we close this you will
wait for a full load you're bringing
sugar the San Francisco want sugar oh it
does
really I guess it's big enough then it
demands sugar oh well then that's really
great because it'll bring both sugar and
corn from time to time oh what a great
little run then that's gonna be fairly
profitable train loading please wait
yeah taking a while I mean I could
change that but I don't I don't think we
want it to change I think I'm kind of ok
with it but what I think we're gonna do
is we're gonna put a cut in here
technically the sponsor thing is for one
video but I think I would really like to
play through the entire scenario and I
think rather than make one giant mega
video I'm gonna go ahead and just chop
it up into bits so we will put a cut in
here on you research yes what's this
passenger ticket price seems like a
no-brainer let's just get the higher
ticket price for passengers that's gonna
be alright plus it's a cheap tech that
we can get that and helps move us
towards the next train as well I wonder
if anything wants cotton I don't think
so I think cotton has to go to a place
with a clothing industry to make cloth
which every city does want oh these guys
do expand the expanded to over here well
that's annoying dreamliner extends
network yeah they are growing despite
having a mega headstart so we're gonna
be a little bit more sensitive to our
time here alright yes I'm gonna put a
cutting here thank you for much for
watching hey if you're new to the
channel do make sure to hit that
subscribe button but otherwise check the
link in the dooblydoo we should be
having a playlist in there for the
railway Empire playlist thanks for
watching see you next time
you